Scatter
=======

Scatters points evenly over the surface of meshes.
This can be particularly useful in conjunction with
the Instancer, which can then apply instances to
each point.

user
----

Container for user-defined plugs. Nodes
should never make their own plugs here,
so users are free to do as they wish.

out
---

The processed output scene.

enabled
-------

The on/off state of the node. When it is off, the node outputs the input scene unchanged.

in
--

The input scene

filter
------

The filter used to control which parts of the scene are
processed. A Filter node should be connected here.

parent
------

The location of the mesh to scatter the
points over. The generated points will
be parented under this location. This is
ignored when a filter is connected, in
which case the filter may specify multiple
locations containing meshes to scatter points
over.

destination
-----------

The location where the points primitives will be placed in the output scene.
When the destination is evaluated, the `${scene:path}` variable holds
the location of the source mesh, so the default value parents the points
under the mesh.

> Tip : `${scene:path}/..` may be used to place the points alongside the
> source mesh.

name
----

The name given to the object generated -
this will be placed under the parent in
the scene hierarchy.

density
-------

The number of points per unit area of the mesh,
measured in object space.

densityPrimitiveVariable
------------------------

A float primitive variable used to specify a varying
point density across the surface of the mesh. Multiplied
with the density setting above.

referencePosition
-----------------

If you want to preserve the uv positions of the points while the mesh animates, you can
set up an alternate reference position primitive variable ( usually the same as P, but
not animated ).  This primitive variable will be used to compute the areas of the faces,
and therefore how many points each face receives.

uv
--

The UV set used to distribute points. The size of faces in 3D space is used to determine
the number of points on each face, so the UV set should not affect the overall look of
the distribution for a particular seed, but using the UVs provides continuity when
adjusting density. If polygons that are large in 3D space are small and narrow in UV
space for the given UV set, you may encounter performance problems.

primitiveVariables
------------------

Primitive variables to sample from the source mesh and output on the generated points.
Supports a Gaffer match pattern, with multiple space seperated variable names, optionally
using `*` as a wildcard.

pointType
---------

The render type of the points. This defaults to
"gl:point" so that the points are rendered in a
lightweight manner in the viewport.