PrimitiveVariableTweaks
=======================

Modify primitive variable values. Supports modifying values just for specific elements of the
primitive.

user
----

Container for user-defined plugs. Nodes
should never make their own plugs here,
so users are free to do as they wish.

out
---

The processed output scene.

enabled
-------

The on/off state of the node. When it is off, the node outputs the input scene unchanged.

in
--

The input scene

filter
------

The filter used to control which parts of the scene are
processed. A Filter node should be connected here.

adjustBounds
------------

Adjusts bounding boxes to account for the changes made to the object.

> Caution : Adjusting boundings boxes has a performance penalty.
> If you do not need accurate bounds or you know that the bounds
> will only change slightly, you may prefer to turn this off.

interpolation
-------------

The interpolation of the target primitive variables. Using "Any" allows you to
operate on any primitive variable, but if you know your target, using a more
specific interpolation offers benefits: you can specify an idList to operate
on specific elements, and you can use "Create" mode to create new primitive
variables.

selectionMode
-------------

Chooses how to select which elements are affected. Only takes effect if you
choose an interpolation other than "Any" or "Constant". "Id List" shows a
list plug to manually select ids. "Id List Primitive Variable" takes
the name of a constant array primitive variable containing a list of ids.
"Mask Primitive Variable" takes the name of a primvar that must match the
selected interpolation - the tweak will apply to all elements where the primitive
variable is non-zero.

idList
------

A list of ids for the elements to affect, corresponding to the current interpolation. For
example, if you choose "Vertex" interpolation, these will be vertex ids. By default, ids
are based on the index, but if you specify an id primitive variable below, the ids in
this list will match the id primitive variable.

idListVariable
--------------

The name of a constant primitive variable containing a list of ids for the elements to affect,
corresponding to the current interpolation. For example, if you choose "Vertex" interpolation,
these will be vertex ids. By default, ids are based on the index, but if you specify an id
primitive variable below, the ids in this list will match the id primitive variable.

id
--

The name of the primitive variable to use as ids. Affects which elements are selected by the idList.

maskVariable
------------

The name of a primitive variable containing a mask. The variable must match the specified interpolation.
Any elements where the mask variable is non-zero will be tweaked.

ignoreMissing
-------------

Ignores tweaks targeting missing primitive variables. When off, missing primitive variables
cause the node to error.

tweaks
------

The tweaks to be made to the primitive variables. Arbitrary numbers of user defined
tweaks may be added as children of this plug.